README.md, before:

# ASU Brand module for Drupal 9

The ASU Brand module provides the following functionality:
* An ASU branded, accessible, Web Standards compliant Header with integration
  with ASU search and spplying required links. The header provides navigation
  menu which you can configure through the Drupal admin user interface. More
  details on configuration below.
* ASU Universal Google Tag Manager. Enabled and included in your site's markup
  automatically without any configuration needed by you. Should you want to
  turn it off or wish to add an additional GTM container ID, visit Admin ->
  Configuration -> ASU Brand settings.
* ASU branded Cookie Consent for GDPR compliance. On by default. No
  configuration necessary.

Find more technical details about the header, GTM and cookie consent on
[unity.web.asu.edu](https://unity.web.asu.edu).
## Installation instructions
The ASU Brand module installs when you create a Webspark site. If you're
using this module outside of Webspark or in other situations, see the
instructions below.
1. Add VCS for this github repo in composer.json
```
{
            "type": "vcs",
            "url": "https://github.com/asulibraries/asu_brand"
        }
```
2. Composer require the module - `composer require asulibraries/asu_brand:dev-main`
3. Enable the ASU Brand module just like any other module.
4. Go to the Admin -> Structure -> Blocks and place the ASU Brand header block
   into the header region of your site. Please note that the header supplies
   its own header tag, so you may need to update non-Webspark themes to ensure
   they do not set their own header tags. The available regions will be
   determined by the theme that you are using.
## CAS integration
The default login/out paths used in the ASU Brand header assume you have the
CAS single sign on module enabled. CAS should be included and installed by
default in Webspark sites. If needed for implementations, install and enable
the CAS module to allow users to create accounts and authenticate to your site.
## Note on caching
The ASU Brand header is cached for performance. When you make updates to the
menu used in your header, please clear the cache to see your updates
immediately. In the Drupal UI, go Admin -> Configuration -> Performance to
clear the cache.
## How to configure your header
Webspark sites install with the ASU header enabled and placed in the site
layout by default with the Main menu configured as the header menu. Should
you wish to reconfigure your header, or to add an additional header to your
site, such as for a subsite or microsite, navigate to Admin -> Structure ->
Blocks and place an "ASU brand header" block into the header region of your
site. Each header block you create has its own independent settings. Most sites
will only ever need one.

Within the ASU brand header block settings, you may change the settings of your
header, but the defaults should work for most situations.
### Columns within dropdown menus
To create a menu column add a menu link at the second level of your menu and
configure it with the "Heading - starts a column" setting in the "ASU Brand
menu link type" dropdown. All menu links at the second level following that
header will be in that column until the next "Heading" menu link is
encountered and a new column will start.
### A note on buttons in the menu
There are three types of buttons available in the menu.
1. Top level call to action buttons display alongside the top level menu items
   and are configured in the block configurations.
2. Buttons within drop down menus' columns are configured on menu link item
   forms using the "ASU Brand menu link type" dropdown.
3. Buttons in the tray at the bottom of drop down menus are enabled by clicking
   a menu link item's "Display as ASU Brand button in dropdown tray" checkbox.
For 2 and 3, enabling the button settings will transform that menu link into
the corresponding button type ONLY if that menu item is in the second level of
your menu. If those menu link fields are configured in non-header menus, they
will be ignored.
### Header menu depth
Only header menu links at the top and second level are displayed in the header.
## Other configurations
Global configurations related to GTM and Cookie Consent are found at the
following click path: Admin -> Configuration -> ASU Brand settings.
## Header assets
Previous version of the ASU Brand header loaded the header from external
sources. The Webspark 2 version of the module, now ships with all header assets
from the Unity Design System "components-library" header component onboard.
## A note about toolbar menus
The ASU Brand header is designed to work with the Drupal core toolbar menu used
to provide administrative system links. A popular Drupal module, the Admin
Toolbar, which provides dropdown menus from the toolbar, is not currently
supported.
## Help! The header overlaps my content or UI!
The ASU Brand header uses fixed positioning, and that can lead to issues with
other fixed positioned elements in the UI. We've attempted to catch and supply
CSS rules that make adjustments for those UI elements provided in Webspark. If
you have customizations or added modules that are overlapped, you can use the
following CSS to deliver UI adjustments:

```
body.asu-brand-header-present {
  /* Your rules here. See css/asu_brand.header.css for examples from this
     module. To see how the ASU Brand module uses Javascript to detect and
     apply necessary changes related to the header, see
     js/asu_brand.header.js */
}
```
## Extending the Google Analytics dataLayer
The ASU Brand module initializes a Google Analytics dataLayer for use by
frontend Unity components. The dataLayer has been implmented so that
modules may take advantage of it as well using the
hook_asu_brand_gtm_datalayer_alter() hook. Please note, use of this hook to
add page-based dataLayer pushes has not been tested, so it is encumbent on
the developer implementing to ensure it behaves as desired and doesn't
interfere with other dataLayer usage on existing pages. If you test this,
we would appreciate hearing about your experience.

```
function hook_asu_brand_gtm_datalayer_alter(array &$datalayer) {
  // Set a "site" variable return.
  $datalayer['site'] = 'My Site';
}
*/
```

Commit message:

Modify gitignore to track node_modules since they're packaged. Add external Webspark React libraries to this module

README.md, after:

# ASU Brand module for Drupal 9

The ASU Brand module provides the following functionality:
* An ASU branded, accessible, Web Standards compliant Header with integration
  with ASU search and applying required links. The header provides navigation
  menu which you can configure through the Drupal admin user interface. More
  details on configuration below.
* ASU Universal Google Tag Manager. Enabled and included in your site's markup
  automatically without any configuration needed by you. Should you want to
  turn it off or wish to add an additional GTM container ID, visit Admin ->
  Configuration -> ASU Brand settings.
* ASU branded Cookie Consent for GDPR compliance. On by default. No
  configuration necessary.

Find more technical details about the header, GTM and cookie consent on
[unity.web.asu.edu](https://unity.web.asu.edu).
## Installation instructions
The ASU Brand module installs when you create a Webspark site. If you're
using this module outside of Webspark or in other situations, see the
instructions below.
1. Add VCS for this github repo in composer.json
```
{
            "type": "vcs",
            "url": "https://github.com/asulibraries/asu_brand"
        }
```
2. Composer require the module - `composer require asulibraries/asu_brand:dev-main`
3. Enable the ASU Brand module just like any other module.
4. Go to the Admin -> Structure -> Blocks and place the ASU Brand header block
   into the header region of your site. Please note that the header supplies
   its own header tag, so you may need to update non-Webspark themes to ensure
   they do not set their own header tags. The available regions will be
   determined by the theme that you are using.
## CAS integration
The default login/out paths used in the ASU Brand header assume you have the
CAS single sign on module enabled. CAS should be included and installed by
default in Webspark sites. If needed for implementations, install and enable
the CAS module to allow users to create accounts and authenticate to your site.
## Note on caching
The ASU Brand header is cached for performance. When you make updates to the
menu used in your header, please clear the cache to see your updates
immediately. In the Drupal UI, go Admin -> Configuration -> Performance to
clear the cache.
## How to configure your header
Webspark sites install with the ASU header enabled and placed in the site
layout by default with the Main menu configured as the header menu. Should
you wish to reconfigure your header, or to add an additional header to your
site, such as for a subsite or microsite, navigate to Admin -> Structure ->
Blocks and place an "ASU brand header" block into the header region of your
site. Each header block you create has its own independent settings. Most sites
will only ever need one.

Within the ASU brand header block settings, you may change the settings of your
header, but the defaults should work for most situations.
### Columns within dropdown menus
To create a menu column add a menu link at the second level of your menu and
configure it with the "Heading - starts a column" setting in the "ASU Brand
menu link type" dropdown. All menu links at the second level following that
header will be in that column until the next "Heading" menu link is
encountered and a new column will start.
### A note on buttons in the menu
There are three types of buttons available in the menu.
1. Top level call to action buttons display alongside the top level menu items
   and are configured in the block configurations.
2. Buttons within drop down menus' columns are configured on menu link item
   forms using the "ASU Brand menu link type" dropdown.
3. Buttons in the tray at the bottom of drop down menus are enabled by clicking
   a menu link item's "Display as ASU Brand button in dropdown tray" checkbox.
For 2 and 3, enabling the button settings will transform that menu link into
the corresponding button type ONLY if that menu item is in the second level of
your menu. If those menu link fields are configured in non-header menus, they
will be ignored.
### Header menu depth
Only header menu links at the top and second level are displayed in the header.
## Other configurations
Global configurations related to GTM and Cookie Consent are found at the
following click path: Admin -> Configuration -> ASU Brand settings.
## Header assets
Previous version of the ASU Brand header loaded the header from external
sources. The Webspark 2 version of the module, now ships with all header assets
from the Unity Design System "components-library" header component onboard.
## A note about toolbar menus
The ASU Brand header is designed to work with the Drupal core toolbar menu used
to provide administrative system links. A popular Drupal module, the Admin
Toolbar, which provides dropdown menus from the toolbar, is not currently
supported.
## Help! The header overlaps my content or UI!
The ASU Brand header uses fixed positioning, and that can lead to issues with
other fixed positioned elements in the UI. We've attempted to catch and supply
CSS rules that make adjustments for those UI elements provided in Webspark. If
you have customizations or added modules that are overlapped, you can use the
following CSS to deliver UI adjustments:

```
body.asu-brand-header-present {
  /* Your rules here. See css/asu_brand.header.css for examples from this
     module. To see how the ASU Brand module uses Javascript to detect and
     apply necessary changes related to the header, see
     js/asu_brand.header.js */
}
```
## Extending the Google Analytics dataLayer
The ASU Brand module initializes a Google Analytics dataLayer for use by
frontend Unity components. The dataLayer has been implmented so that
modules may take advantage of it as well using the
hook_asu_brand_gtm_datalayer_alter() hook. Please note, use of this hook to
add page-based dataLayer pushes has not been tested, so it is encumbent on
the developer implementing to ensure it behaves as desired and doesn't
interfere with other dataLayer usage on existing pages. If you test this,
we would appreciate hearing about your experience.

```
function hook_asu_brand_gtm_datalayer_alter(array &$datalayer) {
  // Set a "site" variable return.
  $datalayer['site'] = 'My Site';
}
*/
```

## This module
This module is a manual fork of the Webspark ASU Brand module. Modifications are as follows:
1. Added React libraries to this module from Webspark's asu_react_integration and asu_react_core modules and modified this module to point to the new locations.
